---
version: 0.5.0
---

This release continues to build on the `0.x` release with bug fixes, improvements, and new features.

## New features

* Enjoy a brand new dark mode! Toggle dark mode in the toolbar to enjoy an experience that best works with your workflow, whether you take it light or stick to the dark side.
* Hyperspace expands to PWA and the Mac App Store! Mobile users can experiment with the new progressive web app mode of Hyperspace, and macOS users can now get Hyperspace from the Mac App Store alongside their other apps.

## Improvements

* The login process has been improved. For mobile users and other users that may accidentally leave Hyperspace temporarily, Hyperspace will temporarily save some data to help you resume setting the app up later. In addition, a new 'About' section is available and a banner appears for mobile users that want to add Hyperspace as a progressive web app.
* macOS icons are now better rendered with pixel-fit icons for lower sizes that match the favicon.
* A context menu is now available in the desktop version to cut, copy, paste, and search text on DuckDuckGo (requested by @BNolet, #21).
* The Hyperspace icon on Windows should now appear larger to match the other icons on the system (@PoorPocketsMcNewHold, #32). The favicon in Safari has also been upscaled (@PoorPocketsMcNewHold, #33).
* The desktop app now has a minimum width to prevent elements from being displayed incorrectly at ridiculously tiny sizes.
* Posts can now be clicked or tapped on to open the thread besides using the 'Show thread' button (requested by @BNolet, #26).
* On posts written by the signed-in person, a new 'Delete' button is present to delete the post.
* Profile panels now display tables like the profile container below their bio.
* The signed-in person's profile panel now displays buttons to edit their bio (note) and to change avatar/header images.
* The "Couldn't get timeline" has been changed to better represent when a timeline is empty and maybe resulted from an error.
* The desktop app on macOS now uses a unique titlebar that matches more closely to other macOS apps with Electron.
* The main scrollbar has been hidden on some browsers to prevent shifting of content (Safari, Chrome, Edge?, desktop).

## Developer changes

* The codebase has been migrated over from JavaScript to TypeScript, making it easier to work with types in the Megalodon library.
* The package now comes with TypeScript dependencies, as well as `npm-run-all` to run some tasks simultaneously while testing Hyperspace.
* A new addition to the package manifest includes a command to build the macOS icon from the iconset in the `electron` folder.
* The package manifest has also been updated to point to entitlements and provisioning files for the Mac App Store version when building.

## Bug fixes

* Overlapped text on timeline tabs has been fixed by not rendering them on mobile devices and truncating the text down to 'Home', 'Local', 'Public', and 'Messages' (requested by @PoorPocketsMcNewHold, #30).

## Contributors

Some of the features, improvements, and bug fixes have been graciously contributed by these people:

* @BNolet
* @PoorPocketsMcNewHold
