---
version: 0.7.0
---
This release continues to build on the `0.x` release with bug fixes, improvements, and new features.

> Note: This will be the last release from the 0.x branch of Hyperspace. Future versions of hyperspace will be released and maintained on [hyperspacedev/hyperspace](https://github.com/hyperspacedev/hyperspace), which sports a brand new design and many more features to come.

## New features

* Get your vote on! The new polls feature from Mastodon has been added to Hyperspace. Create and vote on polls from any post.
* Express yourself with custom emojis! The emoji picker now brings in custom emojis from your server and posts will render custom emojis. 🙌
* Make posts faster with new Keyboard Shortcuts! Press 'N' on the home screen to open the composer. More keyboard shortcuts are found in the compose window.

## Improvements

* The carousel has been redesigned so that it remains a certain size, but images will still look nice.
* More loaders have been placed in. This should reduce ambiguity in many places.
* The composer has been completely overhauled with better image uploads (and new description support for screen readers and tooltips), emoji picker, visibility settings as a dropdown, warning system, and more.
* The reply window now displays the full HTML contents of a post and uses the same element from the composer.
* The composer at the top has been replaced with a compose button at the bottom of the window for quick access anywhere.
* Boost cards have a slight redesign that shows the full content and displays a regular tooltip.
* Images on posts have descriptions displayed on hover as a tooltip.
* Hyperspace's top bar is now visible at all times and is slimmer than before.

## Developer changes

* The `Composable` element has been introduced as a means of making new elements that create or reply to posts. This is the basis for the Composer and the reply window.
* **This marks the last release of the 0.x series. Further developments are on the main hyperspace repository.**

## Bug fixes
* Clicking the link to an image in the composer no longer makes the desktop app unusable.
* Grammarly has been disabled on the composer textarea to prevent collisions with Grammarly and the composer's state.
* The post date element now says via 'determination (unknown)' when the application isn't known.


## Contributors

Some of the features, improvements, and bug fixes have been graciously contributed by these people:

* @BNolet
* @cutls
* @narFnarF
* @rubahness
* @marek-lach
* @adamk678