---
version: 0.6.0
---
This release continues to build on the `0.x` release with bug fixes, improvements, and new features.

## New features

* Slideshows for posts are now available! For posts with more than one media item, a now carousel slideshow has been added to view each and every one of them at full-width.
* A new icon is here! Hyperspace is now represented with a fluffy mastodon with a purple robe.

## Improvements

* The login experience has been completely redesigned from the gound up. With a new slick UI, the process for logging into a Mastodon account couldn't get easier. Just enter the username and follow the prompts.
* The overall file size of applications should be lower now to due exclusion of developer dependencies.
* People can now press Ctrl/Cmd + Enter in a compose window or reply window to quickly post a status (requested by @BNolet, #19).
* The overall accuracy of thread panel-opening when clicking a post has been improved.
* A new media spinner is present when in the process of uploading images or videos for posts and changing profile images.
* The 'copy link' notification has been converted to an in-app toast notification to prevent app notification clutter.
* On devices with smaller resolutions, the profile container on the right is trimmed and re-presented at the top, providing quick access to their account page and log out/dark mode options.
* Timelines can now load older posts with a 'Load more' button at the bottom of the timeline. This also works on profile panels.
* Emojis in the emoji picker have been replaced with the Noto Color Emoji font.

## Developer changes

* Unit and build tests have been added to test components and the overall build process.
* CI tests have been enabled via Travis CI and make use of the new unit tests and build tests.
* A new `userAgent` utility is available to detect if a user is viewing Hyperspace on a mobile device.
* More files have been converted over to the TypeScript format.
* The dark mode toggle and lout out buttons are now respective elements.
* The app's content when logged in is now rendered as an `AppContent` element.
* Snap support has been added, allowing developers to build a snap package.
* jQuery files for Bootstrap have been replaced with Bootstrap.Native scripts, reducing overall Bootstrap errors.
* There are now two Linux build commands for NPM:
  * `npm run build-electron-linux` will build all possible Linux targets (deb, AppImage, snap).
  * `npm run build-electron-linux-select` will build Linux targets in the classic style where an argument is required.

## Bug fixes

* A bug that caused Hyperspace to crash due to the event's target returning a `Class` instead of an `HTMLElement` when clicking a button on a post has been fixed.
* A bug that caused the Windows icon to be significantly smaller has been (hopefully) fixed with the new Hyperspace icon.
* A bug that caused the Linux build command to fail due to an argument not being passed has been resolved.

## Contributors

Some of the features, improvements, and bug fixes have been graciously contributed by these people:

* @BNolet
